Use prebuilt nginx tree if $NGX_OBJS is specified (#67)
nginxinc/ngx-rust: README.md

For example (all examples plus linux specific):
`cargo build --package=examples --examples --features=linux`

> ### Build with external NGINX source tree
> 
> If you require a custom NGINX configuration, you can build a module against an existing pre-configured source tree.
> To do that, you need to set the `NGX_OBJS` variable to an _absolute_ path to the NGINX build directory (`--builddir`, defaults to the `objs` in the source directory).
> Only `./configure` step of the NGINX build is mandatory, as bindings don't depend on any of the artifacts generated by `make`.
> 
> Furthermore, this could be leveraged to build a module as a part of the NGINX build process with `--add-module`/`--add-dynamic-module` options of the configure script.
> See example integration scripts at [`examples/config`](examples/config) and [`examples/config.make`](examples/config.make).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build with external NGINX source tree

If you require a customized NGINX configuration, you can build a module against an existing pre-configured source tree.
To do that, you need to set the `NGX_OBJS` variable to an _absolute_ path of the NGINX build directory (`--builddir`, defaults to the `objs` in the source directory).
Only the `./configure` step of the NGINX build is mandatory because bindings don't depend on any of the artifacts generated by `make`.

Furthermore, this approach can be leveraged to build a module as a part of the NGINX build process by adding the `--add-module`/`--add-dynamic-module` options to the configure script.
See the following example integration scripts: [`examples/config`](examples/config) and [`examples/config.make`](examples/config.make).

```
